good morning everybody I'm very
impressed with the turnout given the
given the festivities last night so
thank you very much for we can I just
let the feedback thank you okay thanks
everybody for coming and we're going to
talk to you today about some best
practices for configuring security and
monitoring your Amazon CloudFront
distributions very privileged to be
joined by a Cherie Wang Anton Raglan and
efferent Fuentes who will be giving you
some of those details I'm going to start
by giving you a little bit of context
regarding how content how CloudFront
delivers content and some of the
terminology that we'll use throughout
the throughout the presentation and give
you a little bit of explanation about
just have some of the some of our
routing works sure we will talk to you
about configuring your cache on CloudFront
Anton's going to discuss measuring
your performance with with real user
monitoring and maybe you shouldn't be
talking about rum this early in the
morning but we're going to go for that
anyway and finally efrain will be
talking about stopping malicious viewers
with CloudFront and the AWS
so before we get too far into it I want to
tell you a couple of terms that we use
within within CloudFront and just what
they mean so we're talking about a
viewer from the CloudFront perspective
it's it's basically a it's we like to
think of it as a present person but
ultimately it's a device generally on a
on a consumer of viewer network of some
sort such as in the u.s. Comcast or ATT
mobile so it could be a mobile device or
a desktop some sort of
internet-connected device like a smart
TV or an increasing number of IoT
devices so that that viewer is kind of
the consumer and the end consumer of the
content the idea is that is not content
then going to some other thing and when
the contact is to that device is being
rendered processed downloaded process
you don't used what have you
our CloudFront pops is our network of 68 edge
locations spread throughout the world
located in data centers in major
metropolitan areas these differ from the
AWS regions in that the whole point of a CDN of
a CloudFront pop is to be close to
other networks and other viewers so by
definition those pops need to be in
cities and in generally in high-rise
buildings right next to where all sorts
of other carriers have their equipments
we can connect to them and deliver
content to your viewers as quickly as
possible in physical terms they tend to
be several racks of servers and network
equipment and they are the they are the
actual endpoint that terminates that
viewer connection so when your viewers
are connecting to CloudFront they are
actually having that connection
terminated in one of those locations in
the metropolitan area such as in Atlanta
or San Francisco or Chicago so each of
these locations is more or less
identical and the idea behind the CDN
is that the location that you pick
is relevant from a performance
standpoint but it's not relevant from a
content standpoint so whichever location
you pick you want to pick the one that
provides you with the best performance
but they all look the same in terms of
the services and the content that they
provide but that location selection is
critical because from the viewer
perspective as I said minimizing the
latency and maximizing the throughput is
is imperative and that's a lot of the
work that we do at CloudFront and we
have multiple teams dedicated just
figuring out how to consistently get
that get that content delivered by the
best pop for each individual viewer and
we'll talk a bit about how we make those
decisions and why sometimes it seems
like we make and the decision you
wouldn't think would be intuitively
obvious from the clock front perspective
obviously the customer experience is of
paramount importance to us but in
addition to that availability
is our second priority only to
security which is for all of AWS always
our top priority but in the event that a
location is unavailable we want to be
able want to you know quick as quickly
make sure that viewers are not routed
away from that location to another
location in addition we're able to
manage capacity so you know in
certain metropolitan areas such as New
York I believe we have
four edge locations so being able to detect
saying well this particular location in New York
might be might be busier so being able
to move traffic between locations is
critical in terms of managing our
capacity and maximizing that and that
customer experience and finally location
we'll talk a bit more about how location
factors in but the location is
clearly important so we talked about
routing and there's routing can mean
multiple things depending on your
context if you're a network engineer
routing generally means packet routing
packet routing I don't like to call it
dumb but it's very simple it's designed
to move huge volumes of traffic very
quickly and be able to make decisions at
terabit speeds in a very small
physical footprint so basically the only
thing it takes into account is a
destination address so if this is our
our viewer and this is CloudFront and
this is the CloudFront address that you
were given and this is the blob known as
the Internet the client is basically
saying I want to connect to to this
address and the internet takes care of
just routing routing it there there's no
notion of capacity management there's
certainly manual actions that network
engineers can take in some course
capacity management but generally
speaking a link could be entirely
congested and the network will just keep
on trying to cram packets down it
because it doesn't have the context of
the full path to be able to
intelligently manage that capacity
that's just not the way the global
routing algorithms work so but how do
you actually get this address
because these these IP addresses they
that we see them as
software developers and engineers but we
never want to expose that to our viewers
directly this is where we request
routing comes into place and this is
again when we're talking
amongst the CloudFront team because in
within Amazon the actual network
engineering team is separate from the
from the service team which has
CloudFront that manages the application on
top of the network the vast majority of
the time we're talking about routing its
request routing and in those cases we
are able to do because of the fact that
that happens at a higher layer we're
able to take into account the latency of
the end-to-end path the throughput
that's available the capacity of our of
our locations in those regions as well as the
geography in the event that we don't have some of
those other metrics available it's
generally done at the DNS layer or
potentially higher
depending on the application so in
practice what this looks like
is you have a viewer and they will do a
DNS request now I've simplified the DNS
lookup here but what happens is that
the viewer will
ask for customer.com which will then go
to their ISPs recursive name server that
will then eventually contact the
CloudFront fleet of DNS servers that actually
is part of our Route 53
service we make heavy use of Route 53 as
part of CloudFront this server will
decide based on some information we'll
talk about in a minute which address
we're using that notional address of 1.1.1.1 which
think it's passed back cached for a certain period
of time in this server give it to the
viewer which then goes uses that same
path that same well that work that
packet routing logic we talked about to
actually get the content so first of all
it figures out which address to contact
and then it uses the internet packet
routing to actually get the content but
here's where things can get can go a
little bit sideways sometimes so if we
have our user in we're heavy user an
example user in Chicago now both from a
geography perspective as well as a speed
of light perspective and assuming that
that there's a that in the normal case
what we would want a user in Chicago to
be directed to one of our Chicago edge
locations makes perfect sense but in
this case the viewer so we're talking about a viewer
here the viewer is their ISP DNS
server is actually in San Francisco
so what happens is the viewer asks
the ISPs DNS server for customer.com
that request then goes to the Route 53
infrastructure but the Route 53
infrastructure doesn't see the customers
IP address we can't identify what that
customer is what we see is the ISP's DNS
server so we say hey great we've got
locations in the San Francisco area we
said in the app we send the address of
one of our Palo Alto locations so that goes
back the IP address goes back to the viewer
of the Palo Alto location and now this
viewer in Chicago is getting a higher
latency experience than they would
otherwise because they're talking to
that edge location in Palo Alto instead
of the one in Chicago so what happened
this is what we refer to within CloudFront
as a divergent resolver so ideally
and many ISPs do this but there are
there are situations where in certain
networks and certain types of
footprints you have a wide distribution
of viewers using a DNS server might be
across multiple networks it might be
across multiple geographies but it
results in this kind of sub-optimal routing
a common example of this is the distributed
corporate network that might for example
have a lot of their infrastructure in
Seattle which might result
in all of their requests when they're in
Vegas being served out of Seattle I
don't know just random example anyway
what can be done so the obvious answer
is to use a local resolver but given
that many of you like we have you know
you know hundreds of thousands and
millions of users getting each of them
to change each of their connections may
not be practical it could be depends on
your application that could be a
practical application but another option
is to use a resolver the supports the EDNS0
client-subnet extension area so
this is an extension that was developed
Oh several years ago and
the idea is that that it uses the EDNS
extension protocol as part of DNS to
provide a portion of the actual
client IP request the IP address of the
subnet so the /24 subnet of the
viewer requesting the address no client
side resolver and modifications are
necessary this is purely an extension
that exists between the ISPs recursive
resolver and the CloudFront Route 53
authoritative servers some common open
resolvers such as the Google 8.8.8.8
anycast resolver supported
and so in those cases if you do have
customers who have that problem you
can transfer them from that previous
state of affairs to this one
so again you have to use the viewer in
Chicago who's in the Chicago edge
location and they hit the Google public
DNS now again that server may
not be in mountain view because it's
anycasted with not really talking about
anycast here but the point is that
it's a DNS server that supports
ECS so now that DNS query may come from
Mountain View, California, but it includes
the subnet of the IP address of this
user now we make a large number of
latency measurements on a very regular
basis from a lot of properties including
the Amazon retail properties where we
constantly measure of performance based
on the traffic from viewer networks
so we have a huge corpus of data in
terms of which pops perform which of our
locations will perform best for
which viewers so based on that we are
able to look up that subnet
and say okay well this came from
Mountain View but actually we know this
users in Chicago due to the duty ECS so
then that bubbles all the way back it
sends back the address of the Chicago
pop and now the user is having this nice
low latency high throughput connection
to the local network to the local pop as opposed
to going to California so fundamentally the key
takeaway here I'd like to leave you with
as we get to Sheree talking about
configuring your distribution is where
your router depends on a number of
factors your network, your geographic
location, as well as the the status of
our individual locations. DNS is an
imperfect mechanism for this you know
these kinds of problems you would say
why would you use DNS the ubiquity of
DNS is being used being in literally
every device out there is really
challenging you know
a benefit to overcome so we put up with
a lot of challenges because of
it but if you do have customers who are
having who are having routing problems
getting them to use ECS-enabled
resolvers will significantly
improve their experience with that its
head off to Sheree wrong the senior
engineering manager I'm cloud from
textfree good morning guys the first
question I have for you guys is why
would we cache our whole raison d'etre
for this is what I call or what I'm
gonna give you as two laws and the two
themes that will resonate throughout my
presentation the first one is we want
better performance for your viewers by
serving it from our edge locations and
number two we want less load on your
origin what should you expect most of
you have probably used CloudFront or
CDN I wanted to show you how we cache
what we do with your request and how you
can dictate what we cache and for how
long then we'll talk about a couple of
best practices first of all Alex was
mentioning we have 68 edge locations
which I've kind of put only a couple of
them on the bottom of the screen in
green all of these edge locations or
points of presence or what we call pumps
have to reach your origin for content
the blue layer here is something that is
new and that we just announced this week
we've created regional edge caches part
of the reason we did this is we are
getting a lot of customer feedback
around as your network is growing in
terms of the number of pops you have I'm
getting more and more hits to my origin
and that violates our law number two
that we just mentioned and so we created
these regional edge caches where
multiple edge locations will now go into
one of nine different regions which will
then make requests to your origin so
this means we're a request that are
coming in if it's the first time we've
seen those requests and the object is
not in cache they will then ask our
regional edge caches for your content
which will then send one request to your
origin her regional edge cache so in this
case instead of having eight different request
to your origin you now just get those two
so what happens within each edge
location well first of all whenever your
request comes in we asked a simple
question is it in our cache if not we
have to go and fetch it from your
eegional edge cache and your origin if it
is in cache is it expired if not
fantastic but if it is now we have to go
and revalidate with your origin so we're
gonna send a conditional get to your
origin and if modified since or if none
match depending on if you're using last
modified or an e-tag your origin will
respond with a 304 it hasn't been
modified go ahead and serve it out of
cache or a 200 and here's the new object
will cache it and then we'll respond to
the viewer so let's talk about this
green box a little bit how do we
actually cache or rather how do we
generate a cache game we used your host
header your d123.cloudfriend.net or
your cname example.com to create a
canonical URL removal the query strings
are protocol and add the accept-encoding
header which effectively filters down to
gzip and identity for every single
object we create an individual cache
identity key which is your canonical URL
and all the very parameters that you
specified in your cache behavior we'll
talk about that in a second every object
we have hierarchical cache case so we
also have a base cache identity key which
is a hash of your d123.cloudfriend.net
concatenated with the accept encoding
header we do that so that when you asked
us to invalidate objects we can easily
go in and invalidate all the variants of
that object as well so how would you
tell us what to cache and for how long
you can use the expires headers this is
part of HTTP1.0 this does we do
honor the expires header but it does
come with a couple of different gotchas
it's a fixed point in time the accuracy
relies on clock synchronization and if
you're using an S3 origin it's typically
a value that was set by somebody when you first
uploaded the object to S3 so you can
actually have a last modified date that
is after and expires date and so those
are a couple of different things that we
warned about and so it may not be
something that you necessarily want to
use more importantly most of the time
you want to invalidate are you
have an object expire in a relative
point of time from when the viewer
actually asked for it so that brings us
to cache control you can set
cache-control directives that give you
much more fine-grained control over exactly what
is cached and for how long and
in which location so if you were to set max age
which is in seconds so in this case
three hundred or five minutes we would
catch that object for five minutes and
also the browser can cache that object
for five minutes but if you think about
max-age and s-maxage the s-maxage
will apply to the shared edge cache or
essentially CloudFront and max-age will
apply to your browser so you can
actually have a browser cache for a
different period of time than
CloudFront this is specifically useful for
customers like display ad for display ad
use cases so you may not want the
browser to actually cache your ad and
because you want to actually serve from
an education to be able to get a count
of exactly how many times it's been
rendered so in this case you can set max-age
to 0 and set the s-maxage to a large
period of time or in this case one day
you can go to your clapeyron access logs
to know how many times that object is
served but you don't have to hit your
origin and so here are a couple of
examples of what you could set cache
control headers to if you have static
assets or media fragments that don't
change very often you can set it to a
very long period of time or in this case
one year you have live streaming
manifests we're going to talk about
dynamic content in just a second but you
can cache it and you can set that cache
period to be something that's very low
from 02 seconds etc and lastly when
you're thinking about login landing
pages you can still catch those assets
and in this case what we've done is we
said if you have a cookie set such that
you have some user information or a
session ID don't cache it but otherwise
catch it for 30 seconds the set cookie
is also important because it tells cloud
front to strip the cookie header so that
you don't run the risk of leaking
session IDs across users dynamic content
most of you will thank dynamic content
is really not catchable but it it is and
we want to reduce the load to your
origin law number two in this case what
you can do is you can set no cache or a
max-age of 0 which essentially means
will cache but every single time we get a request
for we will send that conditional get to
the origin is this the latest object if
not please send us the latest one this
will reduce the load to your origin or
the amount of times you have to transfer
that data from your origin and if you do
have content that you don't want stored
at all at a CloudFront edge location
you can use no store or private the
difference is private does allow your
browser to cache that so now that you've
seen how we cache how you can control it
how do you manage it in CloudFront you
can create cache behaviors cache behaviors
are different cache configurations that
are based off of the URL file path or in
this case I have a screenshot of those
going through your request coming
through your images file path and so
you'll see at the bottom hey we have
some minimum TTLs maximum TTLs how does
that work with Max agent s max age if
you set max-age x max age or expires
in between our min and max will use it,
if it goes outside of the range,
your cache behavior takes over, and if you
don't specify message at all, we'll use
the default TTL that you specified in
your cache behavior so a couple of
different tips that we wanted to share
with you the first one is we do cache
errors that are coming from your origin
we get overworked and sometimes your
origin will get overworked as well I
needs a break so what you can do is for any
HTTP error that is coming back from an origin
you can set a custom error page you can change the
response code and we can cache that for a
certain period of time so in this case
if you're getting a 404 error page or a
404 error from your HTTP from your
origin it may mean that there's a bad
link up there and you don't necessarily
want your origin to take that load so
you can set you can have a custom error
page and you can set this we can cache
that response for a longer period of
time or in this case an hour but if
you're getting a 504 or gateway timeout
from your origin you can set that
caching time period to be much lower or
as much time as you need your origin to
recover for example one second or 10
seconds the default is five minutes and
what we've noticed is that for customers
that have very real time
data like media streaming they want to
set that TTL to be very low like one
second. next, version your assets while
CloudFront supports invalidating objects
it's much easier to roll forward and
roll back any content that you have that
you're getting errors with by just
versing the URLs that you have so in
this case you can add a version ID or if
you want to obfuscate it a little bit more
you can add a file size for an
empty fivesome if you are using md5 sum
you will want to enable query string
forward into your origin reminder when
you're using your cache behaviors to
minimize the forwarded values as much as
possible as you saw with how we created
our cache keys any additional headers
will actually get added to your cache
games so they will dramatically reduce
your cacheability and if you forward
all headers your origin we effectively
cache nothing it's a full proxy mode to
your origin when in doubt check the logs
enable CloudFront access logs and here
at kind of the standard Nginx and
Apache logs with our request ideas in
there you can even come up with your own
request at ease but for anything that
you're doing with troubleshooting is
always helpful to have the request ID
and if you do have to open a support
case with us will usually try to know
what your request IDs are just so that
we can help dive into exactly what your
users are having problems with as well
key takeaways remember just at your
Cache-Control headers that does give you
a lot more control over what we cache
and for how long you should also could
be creating cache behaviors you can cache
dynamic content with a TTL of 0 and so
that you can reduce the load to your
origin by having us just ascends
conditional gets down forward only what
you need version your assets and please
log your request studies and now I'll
give support anton
my name is Anton travelin I'm an
engineering manager with Claude front
and I'm gonna talk to you about
measuring application performance with
rum could you guys hear that first part
all right so before we get into that
let's just break down a few of the
things that we're going to discuss here
so we're going to talk about synthetic
monitoring as opposed to rum which is
real user monitoring and we're also
going to talk about what that means in
terms of baseline of your performance
and gaining situational insight so what
is synthetic monitoring to start with I
like to think of that as you
artificially generating traffic to
either your origin or your CDN to
determine what is the performance and
availability of your application so this
is outside of the regular processes that
your application that your users are
going through so what are some of the
pros of this you can get consistent
signal as to the health of your service
it's easy to set up generally this can
be as simple as you know spinning up an
EC2 instance in every region setting up
a curl on a cron job every five minutes
that's detecting what the status code is
of your application another application
of this can be baselining your
performance so what you can do is use
this information to save you know I'll
deploy to nine different regions and
determine from Germany Japan from u.s.
East here is the baseline rtts and
throughput that I name that I'm able to
get from my application one thing to
note here is that I'm going to be
talking about how you do this from a
browser perspective generally but you
can get this kind of information for
synthetic monitoring from something say
an SDK or there are many other
applications like that and I'm actually
pretty passionate about this and I'm
happy to discuss more ways that you can
use this after so that's the pros but
let's talk about the happy case and then
the sad case when you're using synthetic
monitoring so in this case that I'm
actually describing here we have you
know we've set up nine different
endpoints where we're doing the
synthetic monitoring from we're
collating all of that data we're
aggregating the availability of our
service now the problem with this is
that your only testing what you know
about
your application so you're going to go
you there's no way for you to possibly
enumerate every single way that a user
is going to use your application so when
you're using synthetic monitoring you're
really just getting a baseline for how
your application is performing how is
generally available but in terms of
network connectivity if you look at this
user here he's connecting to your
application from save you know South
America all of your endpoints around the
world are saying hey we're green four
hundred percent available great
performance but in actuality he has no
network connectivity to actually reach
your endpoint now you're not going to
detect this because you don't have
anything running from where your end
user is actually reaching your
application from so some of the cons
that you can see there are that the
network path is going to be completely
different from your synthetic monitors
than it is from your monitors that you
might get from real user measurement not
to mention that the special cases and
snowflakes that you might have in these
scenarios are also going to be very
different for every end user that's
using your application so how do you
feel about rum I love it I love it in
both many ways we use it at CloudFront
in fact we use synthetic monitoring a
cloud friend as well but we really rely
on real user measurements because to us
that's a real indication of how our
customers are using and using cloud
front and what the performance and
availability is that they're getting so
how is this applied in this scenario I'm
going to talk to Derek Lee about browser
performance and availability but there's
many other applications so generally
these are injected scripts into web
pages which are actually timing the
resources that are being loaded for your
application these are then sent back to
some collation service or some
aggregation layer that's actually going
to generate some stats for you to be
able to look at there's many run
providers out there that can do this but
there's also many ways that you can
actually do this yourself so what I'm
going to do next is just talk a little
bit about if you wanted to implement it
yourself what are some of the things
that you could actually look at or find
or resources you could look at to
actually be able to do this yourself so
what can rum tell you what I have up
here on the board
actually something that you can find in
many different places it's just the
resource timing API these are some of
the different events that you can
trigger your your your monitoring based
off of so I'm not going to go through
all of these but let's just cover a few
important ones what you see there around
app cache you see the reaction fetch
start so that's an event that actually
is generated when it's looking in your
application or your browser just
determine if it's actually in your cache
and what's important about that is that
this will not necessarily result in a
request to your origin as she was saying
earlier you can actually set s max age
and max age to determine what's actually
cast at the browser and what's cacheed at
your CDN or in your origin so if it
doesn't get past the fetch start you you
may see that reflected in the metrics
that you're gathered another important
one here is response start and response
end so responsible art is what people
typically think of as time to first byte
at a first bite latency which is
something that people index on to
determine what the apps actual
performance is of your application it's
an important one but it's not the only
one what we like to look at as well when
we're looking at our own metrics is
response to end because throughput
ultimately is one of the biggest
performance boosts that you're going to
get from a CDN and you dependent on your
use case are going to find that
important so let's actually dive into an
example i actually just pulled out some
trivial examples of looking at websites
and going into the network tab and let's
talk a little bit about what we're
seeing here and what some of those
optimizations can be so if you look at
the example that I have here this is
just the connection portion of a request
made from the browser this is for an
object on a random website so you'll see
the queuing stalled and blocking time
are generally the track time around
proxying requests or if you have head of
line problems with HTTP 1.1 you may see
that reflected here in this request that
you see here that's a really low time so
you know not much to say here about
optimizations there next we look at DNS
lookup once again really low one
millisecond super super low that
probably means that the user already had
that in there
local resolver cache then we have the
initial connection time and what's
interesting about this is that it
actually makes up more than ninety
percent of the entire connection of this
request and that includes SSL
negotiation and the TCP connect time so
that's really interesting because that's
a total of 74 milliseconds if you saw
that in your stats as you're collecting
your own measurements you have to look
at that and say okay this seems like an
interesting place that we can actually
optimize for which we'll talk about in a
minute so let's look at the whole
request now what we have here is both
the connection time and the request time
when you look at the request time below
you'll see things like request sent
which is the actual time it takes for
your browser to send that request to
your origin then you have time to first
byte time to first byte here is 41
milliseconds which makes sense because
our connection time was you know it
looks like the TCP connection time here
was around the same amount of time which
means the first bite was actually served
very quickly from the origin but most of
the time was spent in negotiating and
rtts and lastly there you have content
download which you can translate into
throughput but is essentially the time
to last bite so we'll talk about some
specific things that you might want to
change when you see things like this in
a moment what other thing I wanted to
talk about here just as an example this
is not necessarily an example of head of
line blocking but this is the impact to
your latency that you could see if you
had it so if your time to first byte for
each one of the objects on your page for
instance was 100 milliseconds like this
one was in HTTP 1.1 there's pipelining
but it's not fully it's not fully
multiplex so you're actually going to
end up potentially sequentially
requesting objects and if each object is
100 milliseconds of latency and across a
hundred objects on the page that adds up
very very quickly so what can we do
about things like this some of the key
takeaways that you can actually look at
this is evaluate your user base in the
first example we talked about how the
round-trip time and TCP negotiation time
was actually 70 milliseconds so you need
to understand where are you
users do you need an origin and us least
one do you need an origin in Sydney do
you need an origin in South America
these are all going to make a big
difference when you're actually
establishing connections and serving
content to users so that globally so
it's really key that you understand
where are your users the second thing is
know your data this is super important
in the example that I showed it had a
really really low content download time
which means it was a small object in
this case given the rtts that were
probably there so in another case you
could be looking at video downloads in
which case your total TCP connection
time is not going to impact the overall
video stream that much because
ultimately you're going to be impacted
by things like your congestion window
and the available throughput from the
machines that they're connecting to so
all of these things are going to show up
when you're looking at real user
measurements and it's really important
that you understand what that data is
where are they and how you use it so
what how can you optimize some of this
stuff use club front that's a starter
we're globally you can use us to
actually optimize all of these things i
I'm pretty sure I looked at all of the
requests that I looked at and they
weren't using a CDM so that's super
important that you look at that if
connection time and is really important
to you as well as throughput bring your
origin as close to your end users as
possible it's super important that when
they're connecting that you have
something close to your users I can't
say it enough that's why we have cdns in
lieu of using a CDN make sure that you
have your origin as close to where your
target demographic is actually going to
be the third thing is HTTP to which
Cloud Print supports now and that will
actually help you tackle that head of
line blocking problem that I described
earlier as you'll be able to actually
parallel eyes all of the requests you're
actually serving from your origin so
lastly here's a few best practices as
you're configuring rum I've encountered
some of these mistakes as I've talked to
customers over the years make sure that
if you are implementing rum that you
were monitoring the things that are
actually critical for your application
so in the case of a website don't just
monitor a sink
jpg at the bottom of the page monitor
your index page monitor your CSS if
that's important to be able to actually
structure the page in the case of video
make sure you're actually monitoring the
video manifest is your video are you
able to even find the fragments that are
necessary to serve your video just add
in critical page loads you can actually
monitor the entire page load time and
determine is it taking longer for some
users is it actually available are there
some assets meaning missing these are
all possible to get from rum and lastly
which I'm open to talk about afterwards
as well first bite latency is not always
the most important thing I know that
some people over index on that and I
just wanted to say it's know your data
because it's going to be different for
every different user so next we have a
friend coming up hello my name is Ethan
Fuentes and I am an enterprise solutions
architect with AWS so today I'm going to
talk about how you can stop malicious
viewers using Amazon CloudFront and AWS
Web Application Firewall or WAF and so
specifically I'm going to cover for best
practices on securing your CloudFront
distribution that you can implement in
your own AWS environment and the four
best practices I'm going to be talking
about is one leveraging AWS WAF with
pre-configured protections so
pre-configured protections is a solution
that we develop to help you kind of get
started with WAF and we'll talk about
the architecture of the solution and
dive a little bit deeper into some of
the rules that are part of it next we'll
talk about configuring CloudFront to
serve private content so serving private
content within CloudFront is actually a
two-step process we'll walk through both
of those steps next we'll talk about
automating security response by using
services like AWS Lambda, SNS. we'll walk
through a couple of examples just to
give you an idea of you know how that
would look and then lastly we'll talk
about leveraging a DBS certificate
manager for ssl/tls
advocates both for your CloudFront
distribution and for your ELB origin so
AWS WAF gives you control over which
graphic to allow or block to your web
applications by defining customizable
web security rules so the service was
released about a year ago and since then
we've added important capabilities like
CloudTrail integration new match
conditions and then IPv6 support more
recently we've also added AWS WAF to
the lists of PCI DSS 3.2 level 1
compliant AWS services this year as well
so AWS WAF includes some native rules
for things like cross-site-scripting and
SQL-injection however one of the most
powerful features of AWS WAF is the
capability to allow you to create your
own custom rules based on the traffic
that you're seeing and it's a great
capability customers use it all the time
however sometimes it's difficult to come
up with a web application firewall
strategy and create these custom rules
especially if you know you don't have
dedicated security teams that you're
working with and so what we did is we
developed a solution to simplify this
process that uses a CloudFormation
template and automatically deploy is a
set of AWS web rules that are designed
to filter common web based attacks and
so when you deploy this CloudFormation
template you can select which of the
rules you want to enable and then you
also set some parameters for some of
those rules that are specific to each of
those so I'm going to walk through this
architecture at a high level and then
we'll dive into the three customize a
components of the solution that are
implemented through Lambda functions so
the solution includes six different
components the first one is a bad bot
and scraper protection component and so
the way that that is implemented is
through an Amazon API Gateway
endpoint it's essentially a honeypot
that you embed into your web application the next
two components the SQL-server injection protection
and the cross-site-scripting protection
are two native rules with AWS WAF
then we have the HTTP flood scanner and
pro-protection and so that's also
implemented through a Lambda function
that parses the CloudFront access logs
as they're delivered into S3 and then
the last component of the solution here
is the known attacker protection so
again this is a Lambda function that is
triggered by a CloudWatch event on an
hourly schedule that goes out
and obtains IP list a queries third
party IP reputation listen and take the
takes those in and updates AWS WAF
based on that so let's go into each of
these custom components so the first one
is the access handler and so the access
handler is what protects you against the
bad bots and scrapers and the way that
this is implemented is through an API
gateway endpoint that you essentially
embed within your web application and
then once you embed it within your web
application you update your robots.txt
file to explicitly disallow that
particular endpoint when a scraper
or a bot accesses that page on your site
and it tries to hit that API gateway a
honeypot endpoint it triggers an AW the
AWS Lambda access handler function and
that access handler function that
updates the IP block list based on that
activity so the next component I'll talk
about is the law of parser component so
the log parser component again is
implemented through Lambda function and
the way that this works is as the Amazon
CloudFront access logs are delivered
within the Amazon S3 bucket it triggers
that AWS land a log parser function that
examines logs and determined based on
that examination whether the IP list
should be updated to block against those
and again this is all extensible right
so we have this configured and ready to
go for you but you can extend these
Lambda functions as you need to and
customize them further the last
component I'll talk about is the IP list
parser so this this component here it
uses a Amazon CloudWatch of that that's
scheduled to kick off on an hourly basis
in that triggers the Lambda function
that goes out and fetches IP list from
three different sources so it currently
accesses this Spamhaus do not router
peerless and then the extent that do not
router peer list we also pull IPs from
the tor exit nodes list and then the
proof point emerging threats IP list so
those are the three that are part of the
solution but again if you have other
requirement if you have other providers
of these types of reputation lists you
could certainly implement that or extend
this to accommodate that and so the
solution is available you no doubt you
can download it off our site i have the
URL here and you know we'll provide the
presentation so you can get to it again
it's a CloudFormation template so
there's a lot of points of customization
before you deployed but it's a very
quick and easy way to get up and running
with some of these customized rules to
protect your CloudFront distributions
okay so the next best practice i'll talk
about is preserving private content or
configuring CloudFront to serve private
contact and again it's a two-step
process right so the first part of this
process is to restrict the origin access
the second part of the process is to use
sign URLs or signed cookies to protect
your content now you may not have a need
to do the second part of it but
restricting origin access is the best
practice regardless of if you have
content that you want to explicitly
protect so this so there's two ways that
you could do this depending on you know
whether you're using S3 as your origin
or whether you have a custom origin
whether it be on EC2 or even in your own
data center so I'm the first way if
you're using
S3 static content in your distribution
then you can go ahead and use origin
access identity to prevent direct access
to that S3 bucket so that in that that
prevents viewers from circumventing the
rules that you've built within what
happened within CloudFront and going
directly S3 likewise if you have a
custom origin if you have you know
you're using an ELB on Amazon or you're
using something at your in your own data
center you could use the list of CloudFront the IP range of the
CloudFront edge locations to whitelist those
at those origins and only allow access
from that list of IP addresses and again
that prevents users from directly going
to your origin and circumventing the wac
protections that you've implemented
within your distribution the second part
of private content is using signed URLs
and cookies and again you know you may
not have a need for this but if you do
there's you know different things you
could do with each of these so with
signed URLs you add the signature in the
query string and essentially some both
some signed URLs and cookies are used to
protect either a specific piece of
content or group of content items within
your distribution so it's signed URLs
you had the signature in the query
string so the URL is going to change
signed URLs are used mostly for
restricting access to individual files
not you know large amounts of contact
sign cookies again the URL doesn't
change with sign cookies so but you you
typically use sign cookies to restrict
access to multiple files or an area of
your application so the next best
practice here I'll talk about is
automating security response
so we talked a little bit about this in
efforts example right so that's an
example of how you can automate the
updates of your WAF rules this is
another example here and this covers the
the case where you have a
an origin that you are only whitelisting
the CloudFront edge location
IPs too and so this gives you
some automation around that and again
this is another solution that's on our
Github site so you guys can definitely
access it and download it the URL is
down here and so what what this solution does is
essentially it updates the security groups based on
the changes in the IP list of the CloudFront
servers right so whenever that
changes there's a Lambda function that
subscribe to this SNS topic the SNS
topic that triggers that Lambda function
Lambda updates your security groups with
the latest whitelist so you don't have
to manually keep track of when those IP
address changes change and you know have
to manually do this in the last best
practice i'll leave you with here is a
leveraged AWS certificate manager for
SSL and TLS certificates so ACM allows
you to provision and deploy TLS and SSL
certificates at no additional cost and
then you can associate those
certificates with your CloudFront
distribution or your will be aware engine
and to get up and running with
AWS certificate manager it's
pretty straightforward if you're already
using CloudFront most of this is
already done you have a CloudFront
distribution right but if you don't then
you know you would set up your origin
whether it be an EC2 origin or an S3
bucket next you know you set up your
CloudFront distribution setup you're
caching rules set up your origins within
your CloudFront distribution once
you're done with that then you can
request the certificate through either
the console or through the API or our
CLI and so once you have that
certificate that the last step is
religious associating that certificate
with your CloudFront distribution once
that certificate is associated with your
clock front distribution it gets pushed
out to all the edge locations and then
we use that determinate SSL at the edge
alright so the key takeaways here
leverage AWS WAF more specifically
leverage AWS lapwood
protections to give you a good starting
point secure your origin and content
preventing direct access to your origin
is always a best practice whether you
use signed URLs or signed cookies or not
and then the last piece is automate
security response by using some of our
other complementary services like great
thank you very much to a Cherie Anton
and afrin for taking the time to share
some thoughts on best practices with
CloudFront and really thank you all for
coming to to reinvent and please do
complete your evaluation so we can learn
how to make this better conference have
a good day